c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.exe
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.deps.json
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.pdb
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.xml
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Castle.Core.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.NewtonsoftJson.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Proxies.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\MySqlConnector.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Pomelo.EntityFrameworkCore.MySql.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.FilmesApi.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.FilmesApi.props
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.FilmesApi.props
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.FilmesApi.props
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\FilmesApi.styles.css
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\FilmesApi.dll
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.xml
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.pdb
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\FilmesApi.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\felipe.p\Documents\GitHub\TechTrainee24K\16 - .NET 6 relacionando entidades\FilmesApi\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\FilmesApi.dll
